---
layout: post
title: "Hey everyone. Please say hello to Dexter!"
subtitle: "The cutest puppy on this blog, or your money back. Guaranteed!"
excerpt: "Procrastination is something I've very adept at. Also talking about how I wished I had a dog. Plainly I did that too much, as Amanda finally snapped and decided it was time for me to put up or shut up. To be fair, she didn't really give me much of an option.

So ... now I have Dexter! Things are about to change."
tags: [sample post, readability, test]
comments: true
image:
  feature: 20140228-dexter.jpg
  credit: #WeGraphics
  creditlink: #http://wegraphics.net/downloads/free-ultimate-blurred-background-pack/
---

The photos of Border Collie puppies that I sent to Amanda several times a day may have had something to do with it I guess. But for that I mostly blame [/r/BorderCollie](https://www.reddit.com/r/BorderCollie/). But yes, there were many photos. Many many photos.

Thinking about it, the plethora of YouTube videos of smart Border Collies doing tricks probably didn't help my case any either.

But finally she snapped. Fortunately for me she didn't grab a kitchen knife, but instead told me that either I was getting a Border Collie, or I was to shut up about them, and stop sending photos of them. "No more puppy photos?" I thought. "Then that decides it ... a puppy it is".

So ... knowing full well that it would take me another couple of years to get round to doing anything about, she grabbed the bull by the horns, and while I was in an all day meeting went to see some of the puppies I'd sent photos of. Next thing I knew, I was a dog owner.

Dexter, born 31st December 2013. He's tiny! He's so soft. He's illegally cute. He has razor sharp teeth and loves chewing everything.

Gone are the days of me leaving things lying on the floor, as anything he can reach seems fair game for a good chewing. He's very affectionate and doesn't seem bothered by the change of scenery and people.

He's off to see the vet tomorrow to get the first of his vaccinations, and it's going to be a very long three weeks till I can take him out walks.

Things are definitely going to change, but from what I've seen so far ... it's all going to be for the better.
